feat: documenting tokens list v2, search v2, detokenize and stripe forward endpoints (#415)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/api/orchestration/stripe-forward.mdx

---
title: Stripe Forward
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

import { HttpMethod, HttpMethods } from "@site/src/components/shared/HttpMethod";
import { Permission } from "@site/src/components/shared/Permission";
import { Alert, Alerts } from "@site/src/components/shared/Alert";

# Stripe Forward

## Tokenize

Endpoint conforming to Stripe's API contract to use their Forwarding API and create a card token.

> To achieve this, this endpoint is different from the normal [Create token](/docs/api/tokens/#create-token) endpoint since it receives the card details
> under the card field, and all the Basis Theory specific attributes under the metadata object, which Stripes puts any
> additional data and forwards it. The nested metadata is Basis Theory's token metadata, whilst the root level one is Stripe's.

Reviewer: Rewording to fix a few grammatical issues and simplify language

```suggestion
This endpoint differs from the [Create token](/docs/api/tokens/#create-token) endpoint by conforming to Stripe's API contract: `card` contains Stripe's payment method details, and `metadata` contains any Basis Theory specific token attributes that were specified when calling Stripe's Forwarding API.
```

Reviewer: You may also want to add a note or callout saying that the `card` will be transformed into token data that looks like `{ ... }` which can be referenced within mask, fingerprint, or id expressions

<Alert type={Alerts.WARNING}>Never store sensitive plaintext information in the <code>metadata</code> of your token.</Alert>

### Response

Returns a [token](#token-object) if the token was created. Returns [an error](/docs/api/errors) if there were validation errors, or the token failed to create.

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "id": "c06d0789-0a38-40be-b7cc-c28a718f76f1",
  "tenant_id": "77cb0024-123e-41a8-8ff8-a3d5a0fa8a08",
  "type": "card",
  "data": {
    "number": "XXXXXXXXXXXX4242",
    "expiration_month": "07",
    "expiration_year": "2030"
    "name": "John Doe"
  },
  "mask": {
    "number": "{{ data.number | reveal_last: 4 }}",
    "expiration_month": "{{ data.expiration_month }}",
    "expiration_year": "{{ data.expiration_year }}",
    "name": "{{ data.name }}"
  },
  "containers": ["/pci/high/"],
  "metadata": {
    "nonSensitiveField": "Non-Sensitive Value"
  },
  "search_indexes": ["{{ data.number | last4 }}"],

>   "fingerprint_expression": "{{ data.number }}",

Reviewer: We should add `fingerprint` to the response example, since this has a `fingerprint_expression`
